# courseramodule3-assignment
Basically,For this assignment, I used  Bootstrap CSS Framework as much as possible to make page more responsive.Since we are using Bootstrap for this assignment, instead of specifying pixel ranges, I will define our desktop, tablet, and mobile views in terms of Bootstrap CSS class prefixes, i.e.lg, md, sm, and xs.  Desktop mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap lg-based classes Tablet mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap md-based classes Mobile mockup illustration should correspond to Bootstrap xs-based classes.Create a navbar that scrolls away together with the page (the navbar should become invisible and is not fixed to the top when scroll the page down). For desktop and tablet view, the navbar should not contain anything else. No other buttons should be visible.For mobile view i Create a simple menu button (3 horizontal bars). When the user clicks that button, a dropdown menu should appear and The dropdown menu should contain 3 items.It consists of a page heading and 3 sections (all in one row in the desktop view). Each section contains some text.How the sections are laid out on the screen depends on the width of the browser window using Bootstrap grid. In the desktop view, each of the 3 sections should take up equal amount of space on the screen.In the tablet view, the first 2 sections should be in the first row and be of equal size. The 3rd section should be in the second row and take up the entire row by itself.In the mobile view, each section should take up the entire row.
